# iBell-MasterCard_and_ApplePay
iBell, a fictional cellular service provider, is currently running a back to school promotion advertised as "No-contract service for 3 months and get one month free". The fine print reads that one month within each 4-month period is free. This means that there is no discount for a customer that uses the service for 1 to 3 months; however, a 4-month service is charged for only 3 months. For service periods of more than 4 months, the same rule applies to each 4-month period when the service is active. For example, if you use iBell’s service for 11months, you will be charged for 9 months. This is because it contains two 4-month periods, plus an extra 3 months; each of these first two 4-month periods is counted as 3 months, while there is no discount for the last 3-month period.     There are some further complications, unfortunately. Many customers choose to pay for iBell’s cellular service within its newly launched iPhone app. The app uses the new "Ap-ple Pay" payment solution for customers to pay for the service, which charges the user’s Mastercard credit card. Mastercard will charge iBell a "swipe fee," equivalent to a certain percentage of the total iBell transaction, say, 3%. Apple will charge Mastercard a certain percentage, say, 25%, of the swipe fee that Mastercard receives from iBell.     Write a C program that calculates the following:     The iBell amount that a customer should pay after the entire duration of using iBell’s cellular service. A 13% HST should be applied when calculating the total amount. Your program reads in the monthly rate (in dollars), the service period (in months), the swipe and Apple fee. It then prints:  The number of free monthsthat the customer receives. The iBell charge (tax inclusive) rounded to two decimal places. The total amount of the swipe fee that Mastercard receives from iBell. The total fee that Apple receives from Mastercard for using Apple Pay. And finally, the total charges. **Please Find the code for the same problem in C**
